{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 At\'a0African\'a0Valley\'a0Foods\'ae, we are committed to sharing the diverse culinary traditions across\'a0Africa\'a0with those that have lost that heritage. Our mission is to provide high-quality, nutritious, & healthy\'a0food\'a0products that celebrate the diversity of\'a0Africa's culinary heritage, catering to both the\'a0African\'a0&\'a0African\'a0Diaspora markets, as well as individuals & communities interested in\'a0African\'a0cuisine. Our focus is on ethical & sustainable sourcing, supporting small-scale\'a0African\'a0farmers & Carribbean producers, & promoting a sense of cultural connection through our immersive culinary experience for descendents of Africans impacted by transatlantic slave trade in the USA.\
\
As a company, we take pride in bringing the best\'a0African\'a0ingredients to customers, especially\'a0African\'a0Americans in the United States. We believe that\'a0food\'a0is more than just nourishment; it's a cultural experience that connects people across borders & generations. Through various channels such as e-commerce, wholesale distribution, & ready-to-eat\'a0meal\'a0kits, we aim to make traditional authentic\'a0African\'a0meals accessible without the need to visit\'a0Africa, embracing the rich culinary heritage of the continent's 54 nations.\
\
Our customers include\'a0African\'a0immigrants seeking the tastes & flavors of home, second-generation\'a0Africans, & others who seek to connect with\'a0African\'a0culinary traditions. From traditional meals & spices to healthy\'a0foods, our wide range of authentic\'a0African\'a0food\'a0items ensures that each product captures the true essence & authenticity of\'a0African\'a0flavors.\
\
Collaboration is key to our success. We work with chefs,\'a0food\'a0bloggers, & influencers to increase awareness & appreciation of\'a0African\'a0cuisine globally. Our commitment to ethical & sustainable sourcing not only ensures the highest quality products but also supports local communities & small-scale farmers.\
\
African\'a0Valley\'a0Foods\'a0is your gateway to exploring the diverse tastes & cultural richness of\'a0Africa\'a0without leaving your doorstep.}